It's a hypno-beast!
It got Lenia to open the door!
Take care of her, Raiga
On it!
Edgar, fend off the beast!
Roger!
Reylo Kasradoseld!
Those are Anti-Magic birds!
If we don't defeat them
we won't be able to use Kuroki's magic
If the birds get a foothold, it's over!
Any ideas?
Leave it to me!
What?
That's dangerous, Uncle!
That's right.
Without my magic,
I have to rely on my two or three in physical-stats,
Which aren't of much use
two or three, out of what?
Uh, two is one, and one is none
He, so familiar, so different
Yeah,
So different to when he's backing us up
This is scary
but he became stronger by yearning for that strength
This is...
It's about you, Uncle!
They actually respect you so much!
Me?! Really? ME?
His strength is real.
What's with that? you guys...
Gigant Hunter,
Doldore Lexudor!
I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
I'm sorry, Uncle.
I'm going to the bathroom.
You two can keep watching.
And I can't lose to Kuroki.
Yeah, Kuroki is amazing, too.
He's a weird guy.
Hey, Uncle!
Uncle! please...
That's enough!
Just go and keep watching!
Uncle!
I'm sorry, Uncle.
He's not coming out.
Will he be okay?
I believe in his strength.
He'll get better.
You're right.
So let's wait for him while we keep watching.
Okay?
Hurry! Let's continue!
You...
Um...
The correct order was... wind, fire, then ice
Uncle!
He's alive!
- Uncle! - That must hurt!
Safe
But what was that attack?
Elf did it
Uncle!
Are you okay now?
Yeah, of course.
That Elf's new equipment.
The "scabbard" she went out to get it in a hurry.
What? Scabbard?
It's a super-weapon
completely operational
Glasses! A Ponytail!
The scabbard is fine, but what's with the glasses?
That's an ancient magic tool too.
Ork, I'm not that way!
THIS way!
Idiot!
This way!
He ran away!
Elven Royalty hunt humans that way,
to satisfy their dark cravings.
-Oh, there's a bird over there
-This is all the Elf's fault.
Oh, right, what's up with those birds that can seal away magic?
I learnt later that they have
A "demonic breath" that can suppress the spirit's activity.
There's a logical explanation!
It sounds like fantasy worldbuilding.
No, it's more like: "That bird stinks, I don't want to work!"
That's what it sounds like.
Oh, I see.
"Demonic Breath"
Legs, Wid, Zaldona!
It still stinks, so it still doesn't work.
How demonic is that "demonic breath"?
Spirits are so finicky though.
Well, that's how we got back to Alicia and the others.
No!
They're being controlled!
Alicia!
Kuroki!
Oh, a burn!
God, give me a light to heal!
Thanks!
Can't you get rid of their hypnosis with that wand?
No way!
I need to get close and do it one by one.
Besides, the essence of the God's power is to heal the mind and body.
It's powerless against any and all violence.
It's over!
Is there a switch that you can activate?
Elf sword has a switch that can activate a special function.
A switch?
Maybe... twisting it?
Huh?
Kuroki, what are you doing?
Seems like... that light isn't harmful.
No... I mean yes, it's not.
Is this light the effect of the wand?
Alicia, try to get rid of the hypnosis now.
Oh, I got it.
But...
Hypnotization Magic is tricky,
Since it synchronizes mind with the mind of the other person,
I first need to calm down a bit,
Or there may be some misunderstandings...
What?
I can't hear you.
I'm sorry, but please don't look at me.
Oh, sorry.
Magic is hard, isn't it?
Dear God,
Let the heart of those who are bewildered
Be united with me!
What did I do?
I'm sorry.
It worked, Kuroki!
Alicia!
Armour Buster Rampage
My technique!
Alicia, are you okay?
Huh? Me?
Uncle, what happened?
Her magic got strengthened by using the wand,
Alicia was able to use the techniques of her comrades.
And the move had increased potency due to having
the power of god or whatever behind it
Really?
She's really become a hero.
Wait!
Crap, there's too many
When they come in a straight line, they get caught easily.
Finally.
Raidoka Nivaldo Baglhild.
The spirits of the water here...
are really angry.
Prepare yourselves.
Baglhild
Alright.
Thank you very much.
As expected of the hero.
We need to train more.
Old man, I'm sorry for being scared  of
you earlier.
No, it's really nothing.
For the time being, I placed a barrier where the hole in the outer wall was.
Please, check the baths.
It feels so liberating.
Now we can go to the river to watch the sunrise!
This is awesome.
It's such an amazing barrier.
I can't believe you are able to use this kind of magic.
I once built a big one.
I'm glad it was useful.
Instead of a boring inn with nothing to do, we can finally offer something unique!
Is that how you viewed the inn?
But it's exactly like she said.
Why keep lying about it?
Well, we managed to get everything under control.
I'm glad you're happy with the result.
But wasn't this story about someone getting angry at you for erasing memories?
Oh, that's right.
After the battle, I went back to the hot spring.
Fast forward it quickly.
Excuse me.
I missed my chance to say I was already here.
The wall between men's and women's baths got burned down during the monster's attack.
Well, I'll fast forward it quickly.
Don't you dare!
Kuroki, I'm wearing my clothes.
What?
Did you think I was naked?
Well, it's a hot spring.
I could never do that
Iculus Cuora
So quick!
Uncle!
No, no.
This isn't because I saw something sexy.
I know.
You've got your memory back, haven't you?
But even then, it's perfectly normal to look at someone sexy and get happy about it.
Thank you. I was careless.
I erased my memories of seeing Alicia naked.
Sorry you had to see that.
I knew it.
You're not interested in a little girl like me, are you?
Is that so?
I'm twenty years old.
That's right...
We're the same age?
Aren't you in your thirties?
I'm in my twenties. I just turned twenty.
What month were you born?
I was born in August.
November.
He's... younger.
Alicia is older.
I agree.  I can't see it.
But my birthday date might be wrong.
What do you mean?
I don't have any memories before I was nine.
Kuroki, can you show me a spell to show my memory?
It was August eleven years ago.
Sure.
Iculus Erlan.
My first memory was of the blood and the horse carriage.
I was taken out by the goblins in the carriage.
I was saved by the guards from the village where Raiga and Edgar lived.
I couldn't remember anything else after I was hit in the head.
This was all I had.
In the end, I couldn't find my family.
I suspect they were killed by the goblins.
After that, I was named Alicia by the Idyllian
Because I have no memories of the past,
I treasure all the new ones I’ve made.
Alicia, are memories that important to you?
Of course.
Well, that's the story of why August may not be my
birthday after all.
I erased your memory twice.
What? Are you kidding?
I can use "Iculus Cuora", a memory erasing spell.
Memory erasing...
Why? I...
Kuroki, what kind of memory did you erase?
You'll get nosebleeds. Be warned.
Nosebleeds?
The first time I erased it,
was when I defeated the goblin army on
the path on Dord Mountain.
The second time
was when we cleared the Shinnan
Labyrinth using a backdoor.
Then, the goblin punishment, the crusaders, and the hero's title...
They are not mine, they are yours, Kuroki's!
I'm not that great.
But you fixed the barrier of the sealed city without telling anyone!
That's the way the legendary hero does it.
So you were watching.
You can reveal the truth. I'll just
escape to somewhere far away.
What do you mean? Why?
I'm the one who broke the barrier.
What?
Why would you do that?
I was just wondering if I could.
You don't play with the lives of the people, do you?
I came from a different world.
I'm a Japanese Bahamal, just like Mr. Murayama, who made the Purgatory.
What? You?
My goal is to find a way back.
So I thought: If I hit the strongest barrier with the strongest attack magic
the distortion of the space-time may allow me to return.
Instead, the barrier was broken.
Um...
Like the hypno-beast today, you tried to make a hole in that wall between worlds?
To put it simply, that's how it was.
Is it over? Only those two times?
Yeah, that's all.
Don't use that kind of magic anymore!
Not on me, or anyone else!
It's to survive. If necessary, I'll keep erasing...
Kuroki!
I don't want to forget about you!
I don't want you to forget about me either!
I understand.
I won't use memory-erasing magic on Alicia anymore.
That's not enough!
I won't erase my memories of Alicia either.
How about this?
Promise. Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
We have an agreement.
Ah, but...
What is it this time?
I see. So that's why you were casting while taking notes earlier...
Again? Did I erase some memories earlier?
What kind of memories?
No, it's just that you saw me nake...
I'll try to recall it! Reproduce it.
It's not a big deal, it's fine!
No! I made a promise.
That I wouldn't erase my memories of Alicia.
You just saw it for a bit!
I saw it? What did I see?
Um, then...
Can you close your eyes?
Oh, yeah.
No way...
She can break through this barrier?
He's younger...
And that's how it went:
the demons attacked, Alicia got angry, Elf sniped me (repeatedly)
It wasn't a "purgatory", it was hellish.
"The Hot Springs of Hell"
What should I call you from now on?
Kuroki-kun?
No, I guess it's fine as it is now.
Your Uncle erased so many memories,
that his head is going crazy, right?
Yeah...
Hey, Uncle, you should take it easy with the memory erasure
That's right!
You erased some bad memories in the bathroom earlier, right?
Huh? I didn't erase any.
But...
You look strangely refreshed.
Oh, no, no. That's not magic.
It's a technique to kill sensitivity.
What did you say?
Theoretically, even if you experience something terrible,
if you don't feel anything in your heart,
there's no damage, right?
That's what I did.
It's a technique to kill your heart,
before your heart is damaged.
Once you're in your middle age, your use
rate will go way up.
You two should practice it while you
have a chance.
I'm not doing it!
-Right, Takafumi? -I see
As long as you don’t feel anything...
Good.
Yeah, this is fine.
Stop it!
In the twenty years of the Heisei era,
there were many things that happened.
This is so useful, Uncle.
Takafumi! Hey, stop it already!
From now on, no matter what happens,
if I have this technique,
I feel like I can overcome it.
Subtitles made with Emacs and WhisperAI,
instructions at:
https://github.com/tekakutli/anime_translation/